I'd like to invite you to join taco
music for a final concert of our season
this year celebrating my 33 years as
music director of taco music at this
concert which is divided into three
parts you'll hear audience choices we
have offered the audience the chance to
vote on their favorite pieces of music
that they'd like to hear and we'll be
performing some of those we have a
section of the concert celebrating the
orchestra I asked the orchestra if they
would like to give me a parting musical
gift and write a small composition which
is a variation on a tune by Henry
Purcell and many of them have taken up
the challenge and it's a lot of fun the
variety of musical composition and the
imagination and creativity of my
colleagues is very impressive and I'm
very touched that so many of them chose
to do it the second half of the concert
is a musical tapestry what I've done is
I've taken bits of music that have meant
a great deal to me personally playing
with taco music over the past 33 years
and I've woven them together into a
patchwork quilt of music and I hope that
it makes I think it will make a very
beautiful musical hole and one which is
a trip down memory lane for me and I
think this is going to be a very moving
and beautiful concert and I hope you
join us